Add link to notification docs in privilege docs (#589)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/administration/access-control/manage-roles.adoc

5+a|Rows: 5
|===

> Common errors such as attempting to grant roles to users who already have the role will lead to notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common errors such as attempting to grant roles to users who already have the role will lead to notifications.
```

> Common errors such as attempting to grant roles to users who already have the role will lead to notifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Common errors, such as misspellings or attempts to grant roles to users who have already been granted those roles, will lead to notifications.
```

Added the misspelling part for consistency with other examples.

Author: In the case of misspelled **grants** we don't notify, instead we fail the query. I believe this has to do with backwards compatibility.

Author: We added notifications now, since we didn't want to introduce the (breaking) changes to revoke commands. 

Please correct me if I am wrong @Hunterness

> Common errors such as misspellings or attempting to grant roles to users who already have the role will lead to notifications.

Reviewer: misspellings are only for the revoke cases, this could maybe be clarified

> Some of these notifications may be replaced with errors in a future Major version of neo4j.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some of these notifications may be replaced with errors in a future major version of Neo4j.
```

> See link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/status-codes/{page-version}/notifications/all-notifications[Status Codes -> Neo4j Status Codes v5 -> Notification codes] for details on Notifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/status-codes/{page-version}/notifications/all-notifications[Status Codes -> Notification codes] for details on notifications.
```

REVOKE ROLES role1, role2 FROM user1, user2, user3
----

> Common errors such as misspellings or attempting to revoke roles from users who have not been granted the role will lead to notifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Common errors, such as misspellings or attempts to revoke roles from users who have not been granted those roles, will lead to notifications.
```

> Some of these notifications may be replaced with errors in a future major version of neo4j.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some of these notifications may be replaced with errors in a future major version of Neo4j.
```

> See link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/status-codes/{page-version}/notifications/all-notifications[Status Codes -> Neo4j Status Codes v5 -> Notification codes] for details on Notifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/status-codes/{page-version}/notifications/all-notifications[Status Codes -> Notification codes] for details on notifications.
```
